            Other: Where and when were you born?
            Danny: I was born in Northern California on November 5, 1990
            Other: What is your nationality?
            Danny: American
            Other: Tell me a bit of your family history. Where are your ancestors from?
            Danny: How far back are we going?
            Other: Whatever seems the most interesting to you.
            Danny: You might or might not have seen the movie 17 miracles, but the main character, Levi Savage Jr., is my great great great grandfather
            Other: Tell me about your education and any occupations you might have had.
            Danny: My education, I had a normal grade school and high school level education, graduated from there, then went to American River College and got my Associates degree in Design Technology…for those who don’t know what that is, which I have a fairly good idea is a lot of people…just think of it as 3D modeling, but on a computer. As for occupations, I graduated just as Covid hit, so that kinda killed the job market, and for a person who already has a hard time getting a job, Covid ultimately permanently ended me finding a career unfortunately.
            Other: What are some of your hobbies and interests? Things you're passionate about?
            Danny: Even though I can’t do much with it, I’m passionate about mechanical design…when I see an object, I don’t see it as that object, I see it as it’s individual parts, like down to the screws it’s held together with.
            Other: What are some of your unique personality traits?
            Danny: Detail oriented, patient, caring, organized
            Other: What are some of your core values and beliefs?
            Danny: 1 word, love
            Other: Tell me about your family.
            Danny: I have 5 siblings, a mom and a dad, 1 younger brother, 1 younger sister, 2 older brothers, and 1 older sister, they are my entire world, they are my best friends, without them live would not be worth living.
            Other: Do you get together with them often?
            Danny: All the time, we have dinner every Sunday, and that’s at the minimum
            Other: Do you have any nieces and nephews?
            Danny: Yes, 9…well, 9 and a half. 3 nieces and the rest nephews
            Other: Do you understand the speakeasy project?
            Danny: Oh, yeah sure, what we’re trying to do is use AI to improve communication on devices like mine, but not just mine, for any text to speech app. It could improve speed of communication, and also ease of communication for some, who are unable to use the keyboard as well as I am. As Pearl put it, I’m kinda the face of the project.

